-----------------------------------------------------------------------
 From Krishnamurthy Surysekar <ks.sekar@mgt.gatech.edu>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                        Great Composers Day

The carnatic music lovers of Atlanta and neighbouring areas celebrated the
tenth anniversary of the Great Composers Day on Saturday, March 7, 1998, at
the Hindu Temple of Atlanta in Riverdale, Georgia.  This day honors three
great composers of carnatic music - the "Trinity" of Thyagaraja, Muthuswamy
Dikshithar, and Shyama Sastri.

The day began at 9 a.m., with the group-singing of Thyagaraja's Pancharatna
kirtanas in the ragas Naattai, Gowlai, Arabhi, Varali and Sriragam.  This
was followed by the singing of the Trinity's compositions by young students
of carnatic music in the Atlanta area.  After a 30-minute lunch break, the
day continued with individual singing by adults.

A unique feature this year was a 45-minute presentation each by two senior
musicians living in the US - Srimathi Janani Prabhakaran of Baton Rouge,
Lousiana, and Srimathi Manjula Ramesh of Raleigh, North Carolina.  They
were accompanied on the violin by Shri Lakshminarayanan of Miami, Florida,
and on the mridangam by Dr. Ram Sriram of Atlanta.

The very successful day concluded a little before 8 p.m., after the
group-singing of Thyagaraja's Utsava Sampradaya kirtanas.

This day also marked the formal launching of CAMAGA - the Carnatic Music
Association of Georgia.  The response to the preliminary call for
membership in this organization was very good, and it was announced that
the "concert season" in Atlanta would begin with the Great Composers Day
each year.  Thanks to the enthusiasm and support of carnatic music lovers
not only in the Greater Atlanta Metro Area, but also from Athens and
Augusta, Georgia, and from the nearby states of Alabama, Florida,
Tennessee, North and South Carolinas, and Louisiana, as well as the
encouragement and support from The Hindu Temple of Atlanta, this event is
growing in success from one year to the next.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------
  From Dr Ram S Sriram <accrss@panther.Gsu.EDU>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

 Carnatic Music Association, Atlanta jointly with Hindu Temple of
 Atlanta, announces the following programs:
 
 March 7, Saturday Great Composer's day celebration - starting 8:30
 in the morning with singing of pancharatna kritis and ending at 6:30
 with singing of Utsava sampradhaya kritis.  Individuals interested
 in singing or playing instruments are invited to participate.
 

***********************************************************************
