------------------------------------------------------------------------
 From Bobby Nayar [bob.nayar@glenayre.com]
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 The Hindu Temple of Atlanta
 
 Is Pleased to Present
 
 A Carnatic Classical Music Concert by
 
 Smt K.S.Savitha            ---- Vocal
 Smt Meera Rajkumar         ---- Violin
 Sri Rajkumar Anantharam    ---- Mridangam
 
 Friday, 1 Jan 1999, 3pm
 
 The Hindu Temple of Atlanta, Riverdale, GA
 
 This is the first in a series of classical music and dance programs being 
 planned by the temple. 
 
 Admission is free and all are welcome.
 
 For More Info. :
 
 P. Seshu Sarma 770-491-9305
 Kishore Meduri 770-449-8127 
 Bobby Nayar 770-932-8747
 Girija Unnikrishnan 770-471-6776 
 Anuradha Nathan 770-939-6209
 Prabha Iyengar 770-493-9478
 Temple Manager	770-907-7102


About the Artists :
===================

Smt K.S.Savitha started learning music at the age of 6
from Smt P.Lalitha and Smt Y.Balabharathi Devi of
Hyderabad. Later she was trained under the tutilage of the
noted vocalist Sri Nookala ChinnaSatyanarayana for
three years. She had received advanced training from Smt
Prema Ramamoorthy for about 7 years where her musical
talents started unfolding. She was also closely associated
with noted flutist Sri N.S.Srinivasan. Smt Savitha has won
several awards, including the "Tambura Prize" from
alasagaram of Secunderabad, First Prize in the female
Vocal Section from the Madras Music Academy in 1992 and
Second prize for Light-classical Music from All India
Radio in the same year.

Her academic achievements in music include certificate and
Diploma courses in Classical Music from the Govt. of
Andhra Pradesh, Sangeetha Alankar from the Akhila
Bharathiya Gandharva Maha Vidyalaya Mandal, Miraj and the
UGC award of research fellowship in music. She was also
awarded the Junior scholarship by the Central Govt from
1987 to 1993. She is a B-Hi grade artiste with the All
India Radio, Hyderabad, and has cofounded  an association
for young musicians called "SWARARNAVAM" in Hyderabad.
Presently, a Doctoral Student at the Georgia State
University, Smt K.S.Savitha teaches Music and performs
actively in her free time.

Smt. Meera Rajkumar started learning violin at the age of
7 from her grandmother Smt. Sharada Parameshwaran, a well
known artist and music teacher in Bombay. She has also
taken advanced lessons from Smt. Savitri Satyamurthy of
Madras. She had won numerous awards in music competitions
conducted by major sabhas including Shanmukhananda
Sangeetha Sabha and Chembur Fine Arts and has performed
all over India. She started performing at the age of 16
and has accompanied several leading artistes in Bombay. In
1997, she performed in Sun TV, a major cable TV
broadcaster in India. Presently, a housewife in Atlanta,
Smt. Meera performs actively and teaches Volin and Vocal
Music.

Sri Rajkumar Anantharaman began learning mridangam from
Sri Mavelikkara Krishnan Kutty Nair at the age of 8 and
subsequently continued his training under Sri Kumbakonam
Rajappa Iyer of Madras. Ever since he moved to Atlanta, he
has accompanied several leading artists in music concerts
and dance recitals. He also plays Tabla, pakhaawaj and
other south indian percussion instruments. He is the
recipient of the 'Best Percussionist' award from the
University of Kerala in 1992. A Software Engineer by
profession, Sri Rajkumar  teaches mridangam in his free
time.
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
